[serve] Improve serve config docs (#40598)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/config.md

Each individual entry in the `deployments` list is optional. In the example config file above, you could omit the `Summarizer`, including its `name` and `num_replicas`, and the file would still be valid. When you deploy the file, the `Summarizer` deployment is still deployed, using the configurations set in the `@serve.deployment` decorator from the application's code.
:::

## Auto-generate Serve config using `serve build`

> We can also auto-generate this config file from the code. The `serve build` command takes an import path to your deployment graph and it generates a config file containing all the deployments and their parameters from the graph. You can tweak these parameters to manage your deployments in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also auto-generate this config file from the code. The `serve build` command takes an import path to your application, and it generates a config file containing all the deployments and their parameters in the application code. Tweak these parameters to manage your deployments in production.
```

Additionally, `serve build` includes the default HTTP and gPRC options in its
autogenerated files. You can modify these parameters.

(serve-user-config)=

> ## Dynamically changing parameters without restarting your replicas (`user_config`)

Reviewer: Is this a pure move?

Author: Yup it's a pure move!

You can use the `user_config` field to supply structured configuration for your deployment. You can pass arbitrary JSON serializable objects to the YAML configuration. Serve then applies it to all running and future deployment replicas. The application of user configuration *does not* restart the replica. This means you can use this field to dynamically:
- adjust model weights and versions without restarting the cluster.
- adjust traffic splitting percentage for your model composition graph.
- configure any feature flag, A/B tests, and hyper-parameters for your deployments.

> To enable the `user_config` feature, you need to implement a `reconfigure` method that takes a JSON-serializable object (e.g., a Dictionary, List or String) as its only argument:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the `user_config` feature, implement a `reconfigure` method that takes a JSON-serializable object (e.g., a Dictionary, List, or String) as its only argument:
```

```python
@serve.deployment
class Model:
    def reconfigure(self, config: Dict[str, Any]):
        self.threshold = config["threshold"]
```

> If the `user_config` is set when the deployment is created (e.g., in the decorator or the Serve config file), this `reconfigure` method is called right after the deployment's `__init__` method, and the `user_config` is passed in as an argument. You can also trigger the `reconfigure` method by updating your Serve config file with a new `user_config` and reapplying it to your Ray cluster. See [In-place Updates](serve-inplace-updates) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set the `user_config` when you create the deployment (that is, in the decorator or the Serve config file), Ray Serve calls this `reconfigure` method right after the deployment's `__init__` method, and passes the `user_config` in as an argument. You can also trigger the `reconfigure` method by updating your Serve config file with a new `user_config` and reapplying it to the Ray cluster. See [In-place Updates](serve-inplace-updates) for more information.
```
